c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.exe
C:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.deps.json
C:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.dll
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.pdb
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rpswa.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjimswa.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmrazor.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmcshtml.dswa.cache.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\RulesRegulation.styles.css
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\RulesRegulation.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0mid52cxb2-gm6fuwskx1.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\p41k7132g1-ow31sjaatg.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\inda9ez21m-4736ozl0nr.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cf2r2zt3vw-14b820wsj1.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yd07h5as0q-56v5quxqgq.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ksdlhsk017-ydqgwv4ose.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cczepe3vsf-b9sayid5wm.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\poj6i9e3ft-uzjiq3djrb.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7akzeimv7z-61n19gt1b8.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x9ngl6ljao-r6dy2d1ycq.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7yvvrhif1v-s9morbzc0u.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\2371uodecx-kl7wxhsubc.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\txj1cc3g35-xtxxf3hu2r.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ync1p821ns-t1cqhe9u97.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\942g72jiq4-c2jlpeoesf.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yiqdmn4gwh-sejl45xvog.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\n39if95rpt-aexeepp0ev.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\h1qeh6xlwn-xvp3kq03qx.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cbewn60cm6-ausgxo2sd3.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rvh9hm5alq-22vffe00uq.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6oiq1eh40v-cosvhxvwiu.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bl0otkrqrg-qesaa3a1fm.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\f07rxlypkw-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\vznm982prp-tmc1g35s3z.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\peoz8ytwg4-fsbi9cje9m.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\g49yx9gesj-rxsg74s51o.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lsik85dlkq-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\b4c9mxbe1q-q9ht133ko3.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6tkxbvzepk-jd9uben2k1.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9b811e3ppn-gye83jo8yx.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\8ysslvt0bn-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\388isnqp8n-wl58j5mj3v.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\k2dmqfvgdo-c2oey78nd0.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mxfkzc8i1d-d4r6k3f320.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s3qp7cwhzq-j5mq2jizvt.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ryo4ftrvx0-keugtjm085.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nupc7so7lq-nvvlpmu67g.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\krb2jkvn5v-zub09dkrxp.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\scf719lm49-pj5nd1wqec.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mv3piy28gx-43atpzeawx.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\3u3v9iofqg-v0zj4ognzu.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ybaqlfp7wd-ynyaa8k90p.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ajbw7cs3ow-hrwsygsryq.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1qsdh1ffny-c63t5i9ira.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kgk5zvlys9-ft3s53vfgj.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uohsr479b5-4094rpi4f9.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nzffthw7uj-6pdc2jztkx.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\r1r0ool0u2-hd3gran6i8.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1ayfkl9euu-iovd86k7lj.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\sx20xkr0d1-ltid2c489k.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1bcqcfa8y5-kbrnm935zg.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\k9z9b5t81h-8vyfqsqgz1.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xsca8m7q2h-y7v9cxd14o.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\f2vcu6gspv-u9q1upor1n.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qpu8lslzj5-h1s4sie4z3.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pg3y7rkaac-4d85u1mtcx.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7uqdk61pr4-0j3bgjxly4.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\oy0z9pvna4-03hjc8e09r.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\psxlcsj11g-48y08845bh.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\q576k0hr8r-356vix0kms.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ewfs7rz2pr-83jwlth58m.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lx45rknzs5-mrlpezrjn3.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7znor3qs4x-worgj0nhwm.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\c1aafq3lam-gk0pw8i4co.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bmz54061ok-x0q3zqp4vz.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0zdj5alai0-d6nrnj6jjx.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0xw8v54h3j-m9qm4tazc0.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wpgqt0b0py-ttgo8qnofa.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rholeh0tk0-jjsuc0puko.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dr8pvbhdmc-9vr69e8ynj.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\z5mj2t8xzd-87fc7y1x7t.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dt0q1fa2oi-mlv21k5csn.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\puzjhz35n5-ouwe3pbb03.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\sl8v703imx-o3aiwuoxo4.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ivk9zo8pky-f58lntrw6e.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\izqxghmqud-ln4xt1upn6.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ojxcp8dqv8-9njj6lyhe2.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ohdrovcgim-ht5vvsmvoo.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\a3du5mbw6f-1mk756flev.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\keujz3tqu9-7wkpjk8p4i.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x1h64mrhd0-5wvs79r892.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1ungyphmla-g3o92tlqdd.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cu7g18ocow-jgvnm7nsm1.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\z6x9usqx90-jgvnm7nsm1.gz
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json.cache
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.dll
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\RulesRegulation.dll
c:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.pdb
C:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Personal\Documents\VS code coop project\Rules-Regulation\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.staticwebassets.runtime.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.exe
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.deps.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.pdb
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rpswa.dswa.cache.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjimswa.dswa.cache.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmrazor.dswa.cache.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmcshtml.dswa.cache.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\RulesRegulation.styles.css
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\RulesRegulation.bundle.scp.css
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0mid52cxb2-gm6fuwskx1.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\p41k7132g1-ow31sjaatg.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\inda9ez21m-4736ozl0nr.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cf2r2zt3vw-14b820wsj1.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ksdlhsk017-ydqgwv4ose.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cczepe3vsf-b9sayid5wm.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\poj6i9e3ft-uzjiq3djrb.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7akzeimv7z-61n19gt1b8.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x9ngl6ljao-v0wzhjltwr.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7yvvrhif1v-s9morbzc0u.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\txj1cc3g35-xtxxf3hu2r.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ync1p821ns-bqjiyaj88i.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\942g72jiq4-c2jlpeoesf.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yiqdmn4gwh-erw9l3u2r3.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\n39if95rpt-aexeepp0ev.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\h1qeh6xlwn-d7shbmvgxk.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cbewn60cm6-ausgxo2sd3.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rvh9hm5alq-k8d9w2qqmf.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6oiq1eh40v-cosvhxvwiu.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bl0otkrqrg-ub07r2b239.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\f07rxlypkw-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\vznm982prp-b7pk76d08c.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\peoz8ytwg4-fsbi9cje9m.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\g49yx9gesj-rzd6atqjts.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lsik85dlkq-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\b4c9mxbe1q-dxx9fxp4il.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6tkxbvzepk-jd9uben2k1.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9b811e3ppn-khv3u5hwcm.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\8ysslvt0bn-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\388isnqp8n-lcd1t2u6c8.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\k2dmqfvgdo-c2oey78nd0.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mxfkzc8i1d-tdbxkamptv.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s3qp7cwhzq-j5mq2jizvt.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ryo4ftrvx0-06098lyss8.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nupc7so7lq-nvvlpmu67g.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\krb2jkvn5v-s35ty4nyc5.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\scf719lm49-pj5nd1wqec.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mv3piy28gx-46ein0sx1k.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\3u3v9iofqg-v0zj4ognzu.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ybaqlfp7wd-37tfw0ft22.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ajbw7cs3ow-hrwsygsryq.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1qsdh1ffny-pk9g2wxc8p.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kgk5zvlys9-ft3s53vfgj.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uohsr479b5-6cfz1n2cew.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nzffthw7uj-6pdc2jztkx.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\r1r0ool0u2-493y06b0oq.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1ayfkl9euu-iovd86k7lj.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\sx20xkr0d1-vr1egmr9el.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1bcqcfa8y5-kbrnm935zg.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\k9z9b5t81h-jj8uyg4cgr.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xsca8m7q2h-y7v9cxd14o.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\f2vcu6gspv-notf2xhcfb.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qpu8lslzj5-h1s4sie4z3.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pg3y7rkaac-63fj8s7r0e.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7uqdk61pr4-0j3bgjxly4.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\oy0z9pvna4-47otxtyo56.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\psxlcsj11g-4v8eqarkd7.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\q576k0hr8r-356vix0kms.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ewfs7rz2pr-83jwlth58m.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lx45rknzs5-mrlpezrjn3.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7znor3qs4x-lzl9nlhx6b.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\c1aafq3lam-ag7o75518u.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bmz54061ok-x0q3zqp4vz.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0zdj5alai0-0i3buxo5is.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0xw8v54h3j-o1o13a6vjx.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wpgqt0b0py-ttgo8qnofa.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rholeh0tk0-2z0ns9nrw6.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dr8pvbhdmc-muycvpuwrr.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\z5mj2t8xzd-87fc7y1x7t.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dt0q1fa2oi-mlv21k5csn.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\puzjhz35n5-ouwe3pbb03.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\sl8v703imx-o3aiwuoxo4.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ivk9zo8pky-f58lntrw6e.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\izqxghmqud-ln4xt1upn6.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ojxcp8dqv8-9njj6lyhe2.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ohdrovcgim-ht5vvsmvoo.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\a3du5mbw6f-1mk756flev.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\keujz3tqu9-7wkpjk8p4i.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ifsgois1o8-5wvs79r892.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1ungyphmla-g3o92tlqdd.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cu7g18ocow-jgvnm7nsm1.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\z6x9usqx90-jgvnm7nsm1.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json.cache
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.pdb
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\shietoh0hi-4zitzqt2w7.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zlosjhytht-n5txs3e66u.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\2371uodecx-wmh6e0ocwt.gz
C:\Users\sheik\Documents\University\4. Fourth year stuff\COOP\Rules & Regulations\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yd07h5as0q-f2cbsjwmvv.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.staticwebassets.runtime.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.exe
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.deps.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\bin\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.pdb
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rpswa.dswa.cache.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjimswa.dswa.cache.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmrazor.dswa.cache.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\rjsmcshtml.dswa.cache.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\RulesRegulation.styles.css
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\RulesRegulation.bundle.scp.css
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0mid52cxb2-0oxdqw7r4s.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\p41k7132g1-i9mbj8u00n.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cf2r2zt3vw-14b820wsj1.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yd07h5as0q-75gwfsw2fu.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ksdlhsk017-ydqgwv4ose.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cczepe3vsf-b9sayid5wm.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\poj6i9e3ft-uzjiq3djrb.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7akzeimv7z-61n19gt1b8.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\x9ngl6ljao-r6dy2d1ycq.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7yvvrhif1v-s9morbzc0u.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\2371uodecx-61q5mhfa2n.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\t0kejt9w33-1f0ghkdrg9.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\txj1cc3g35-xtxxf3hu2r.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ync1p821ns-t1cqhe9u97.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\942g72jiq4-c2jlpeoesf.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yiqdmn4gwh-sejl45xvog.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\n39if95rpt-aexeepp0ev.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\h1qeh6xlwn-xvp3kq03qx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cbewn60cm6-ausgxo2sd3.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rvh9hm5alq-22vffe00uq.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6oiq1eh40v-cosvhxvwiu.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bl0otkrqrg-qesaa3a1fm.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\f07rxlypkw-fvhpjtyr6v.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\vznm982prp-tmc1g35s3z.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\peoz8ytwg4-fsbi9cje9m.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\g49yx9gesj-rxsg74s51o.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lsik85dlkq-ee0r1s7dh0.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\b4c9mxbe1q-q9ht133ko3.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6tkxbvzepk-jd9uben2k1.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9b811e3ppn-gye83jo8yx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\8ysslvt0bn-r4e9w2rdcm.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\388isnqp8n-wl58j5mj3v.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\k2dmqfvgdo-c2oey78nd0.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mxfkzc8i1d-d4r6k3f320.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s3qp7cwhzq-j5mq2jizvt.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ryo4ftrvx0-keugtjm085.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nupc7so7lq-nvvlpmu67g.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\krb2jkvn5v-zub09dkrxp.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\scf719lm49-pj5nd1wqec.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mv3piy28gx-43atpzeawx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\3u3v9iofqg-v0zj4ognzu.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ybaqlfp7wd-ynyaa8k90p.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ajbw7cs3ow-hrwsygsryq.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1qsdh1ffny-c63t5i9ira.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\kgk5zvlys9-ft3s53vfgj.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uohsr479b5-4094rpi4f9.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\nzffthw7uj-6pdc2jztkx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\r1r0ool0u2-hd3gran6i8.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1ayfkl9euu-iovd86k7lj.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\sx20xkr0d1-ltid2c489k.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\1bcqcfa8y5-kbrnm935zg.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\k9z9b5t81h-8vyfqsqgz1.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xsca8m7q2h-y7v9cxd14o.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\f2vcu6gspv-u9q1upor1n.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\qpu8lslzj5-h1s4sie4z3.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\pg3y7rkaac-4d85u1mtcx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7uqdk61pr4-0j3bgjxly4.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\oy0z9pvna4-03hjc8e09r.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\psxlcsj11g-48y08845bh.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\q576k0hr8r-356vix0kms.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ewfs7rz2pr-83jwlth58m.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\lx45rknzs5-mrlpezrjn3.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\7znor3qs4x-worgj0nhwm.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\c1aafq3lam-gk0pw8i4co.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bmz54061ok-x0q3zqp4vz.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0zdj5alai0-d6nrnj6jjx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\0xw8v54h3j-m9qm4tazc0.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\wpgqt0b0py-ttgo8qnofa.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\rholeh0tk0-jjsuc0puko.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dr8pvbhdmc-9vr69e8ynj.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\z5mj2t8xzd-87fc7y1x7t.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dt0q1fa2oi-mlv21k5csn.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cu7g18ocow-jgvnm7nsm1.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\z6x9usqx90-jgvnm7nsm1.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json.cache
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.pdb
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\RulesRegulation.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\RulesRegulation.dll
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xtbn9ue4hr-y38i1wykxj.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\g986romf2t-cve9j8kvm9.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uma116ao4j-zci94bvkbm.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\s1rb9qav42-jc1jd6xeqe.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\yz21yadp36-8sga3zqe8d.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\bgwbeynpfp-dtzo8cgxmx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4poyfw5lkf-c77pmsd0z5.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ibn5mr6gg0-0ot54uh6gx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\05dtmazwxl-mvn2k5wp4h.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\unsdn7q1qm-zz5i63z7wl.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\700uqup6lq-huitaa6mj4.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\xcd48qui8l-ouwe3pbb03.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\py0dqlcu64-4zitzqt2w7.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\mt4e0v2yr6-o3aiwuoxo4.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\m0f91xwdpb-l8ihj9dwn6.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\6fg3scgcfs-6qg6trpkaa.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\dhwxhlrtv4-f58lntrw6e.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uxudkozuq7-ln4xt1upn6.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\c2p30cu6rm-9njj6lyhe2.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\9dv5fo1l8p-ht5vvsmvoo.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uk2wbwie3o-n5txs3e66u.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\tiplqz10tl-1mk756flev.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\fp2xhz28u6-wnow405h62.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\uzjz8t5toc-bxzrk8awkn.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\ac0uwx1q6u-7wkpjk8p4i.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\v2ipqax1gr-5wvs79r892.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\i0ixcpv7hr-g3o92tlqdd.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\cetu3fq9rk-mijg6qsrwo.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\3xq1ry3nta-d0a0eo1jld.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\zv0kcdefdf-wc6dh4dgjx.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\y9ne2er3cf-s8arcabfle.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\inda9ez21m-paj8ajmedy.gz
C:\Users\Azzam\bo50\Rules-Regulation\obj\Debug\net9.0\compressed\4juctiesr9-y38i1wykxj.gz
